[Music]
whoa twelve signs of high intellect you
probably have we all have little things
about ourselves that may seem useless or
even annoying to other people at times
but hold off before you start beating
yourself up or trying to change these
little behaviors because according to
some experts some of these
characteristics may signify a higher
than average intellect hmm are you a
night owl what about a procrastinator
well there are a lot more where those
came from
so let's have a look at the list shall
we number one you're a lefty in 2003
author Maria konnikova who is Harvard
educated and has a PhD in psychology
from Columbia University as well as to
New York Times bestselling books so yeah
the lady is super smart described an
experiment conducted among right and
left-handed people which concluded that
the lefties turned out to be more
skillful when combining two objects for
example making a birdhouse with just a
can and a globe they were also better at
organizing word lists under different
categories later on scientists found a
link between left handedness and a note
called
divergent thinking which is a kind of
creativity that allows someone to
generate new ideas and be dexterous
people those who can use both hands with
equal skill have the same ability so if
you're right-handed try using your left
hand every now and then so that you can
develop the areas of your brain that are
otherwise kind of dormant try brushing
your teeth left-handed or try brushing
your left-handed teeth works either way
number two you often freak out over the
littlest things and everybody just calls
me a neurotic hey guess what peeps I'm
just a genius in a 2015 study on
personality and individual differences
scientists ask 126 Elementary students
to fill in some questionnaires they had
to say how often they felt anxious paid
attention to gossip about them and
thought about upsetting situations they
then followed those surveys up with a
written IQ test as it turns out the kids
who worried the most scored higher on
the intelligence tests the researchers
suppose that this is connected to the
fact that people who tend to worry a lot
take the quality of their work more
seriously how about number three you
have a good sense of humor another
interesting study was conducted at the
University of New Mexico in 2010
researchers tested 400 students on their
reasoning abilities and verbal intellect
after the tests the students were asked
to make captions for some cartoon
pictures which were then evaluated by an
independent jury the researchers found
that 86 percent of those who got more
points on the tests created funnier
captions this really got the scientists
intrigued so in their next study they
involve comedians who got higher than
average results on the intellect tests
so what does this all mean
humor influences intellect by exercising
the brain and keeping it in tip-top
shape next time your friends tell you to
quit clowning around just tell them
you're exercising your intellect mm-hmm
number four you're a little on the nosy
side so you like to stick your nose in
other people's business huh you can't
help yourself it's just so interesting
well you'll be happy to know that dr.
Tomas Chamorro pre music professor of
psychology at the University College
London is sure that curiosity and an
inquisitive mind make people more
intelligent and he's not the only expert
who's convinced to this a massive decade
spanning research project conducted in
the UK and wrapped up in 2013 came to
the same conclusion scientists have been
observing 6,000 people born in the last
50 years and they found that preteen
children who got the most points on IQ
tests grew up to be more curious and
open-minded adults number five you're a
night owl are you at your most
productive when everyone else is
sleeping well that might indicate that
your intellect is higher than average or
you just keep telling yourself one more
episode or one more YouTube video and
then hey what do you know the Sun just
came up well we'll go with the first
scenario and say you're more productive
at night wink wink jokes aside
scientists say that this preference for
late hours could be due to the fact that
brain activity therefore intellect is so
high that it challenges your body's
circadian rhythm a 2009 study published
in personality and individual
differences magazine which also features
some great recipes for dinner for one
consider the connection between
intellect and sleeping patterns among
thousands of young people the results
were quite shocking it turns out that
smarter individuals prefer to wake up
later both on weekdays and on the
weekend another similar study observed
400 American Air Force recruits and came
to the same conclusion so if you find it
unbelievably hard to pull yourself out
of bed
the early hours of the morning hey then
just forget about it let your big brain
sleep in and if you absolutely have to
get up at least you'll be comforted
knowing that you must have one
impressive intellect or you really gotta
go number six you're extremely sensitive
or easily distracted what if you often
get distracted to check your social
media have a coffee break or even lose
track of a conversation you might be
more intelligent than others at least if
you're ready to believe the scientists
who state this and of course we all do
they say that the harder it is for a
person to stay focused
the cleverer they are how so again it's
that intense brain activity thing it's
just too hard to control so go ahead
check your facebook feed again or maybe
head over to our Channel and see what
other cool videos Brightside has yes
another shameless plug number seven you
walk a lot in 2016 American scientists
from the George Washington University
School of Business published the results
of some demographical research in which
they found that people who live in
cities built with a focus on walking
have a higher intelligence indicator
than those living in cities with lots of
cars and other types of transport what's
more the researchers got the same
results from observing certain
pedestrian areas in big cities does this
describe you if so good for your
physical health in that big brain of
yours number eight do you realize how
much intelligence you still lack
Justin Kruger and David Dunning from
Cornell University undertook a study
that later became a keystone in social
psychology they concluded that the less
bright a person is the more they
overestimate their cognitive abilities
the same goes the other way around
intelligent people aren't afraid to say
I don't know and if they don't know they
can find this thing out later that's why
if dozens of questions appear in your
mind with alarming regularity and you
aren't too scared to ask them
you're probably smarter than others
number nine you're a master of
self-control
no I'm not intelligent people are able
to overcome their impulses and suppress
their emotions they also typically think
about the consequences before they do
something hey I can jump across to that
other building yeah no problem
hey score one for Darwin huh in 2008
psychologist did some research that
later became really famous as well it
was called individual differences in
delay discounting and in the study the
participants were asked to choose
between two rewards a little bit of
money now or more money but only after a
year the results show that those who
showed self-control and chose to get the
bigger sum but later got more points on
various intelligence tests number 10 you
often procrastinate and why don't we
come back to this one later no okay how
many times have you uttered the words
I'll start working out tomorrow okay
on Monday yeah maybe after the new year
don't worry it just means that you're
smart scientists agree that intelligent
people tend to postpone their tasks for
later psychologists Adam grant says that
procrastination is the key to innovation
Steve Jobs managed to use his
procrastination strategically letting
his brain rest and switching to
completely different tests before
finishing the ones he
started so don't worry about your
procrastination it's just that overdrive
brain of yours needing to rest or be
preoccupied with something else let it
do its thing number 11
you're constantly munching on something
[Music]
ever get the munchies no only after
Dancing with Mary Jane well it's a known
fact that the motion of chewing improves
brain activity and concentration even if
only for 20 minutes but still however it
goes beyond that scientists have
recently discovered that a desire to
constantly choose something is typical
for many intelligent people researchers
believe that when you nibble some food
your brain is open for self analysis and
reflection if that's the case then my
dog is a pure genius and my furniture is
proof number 12 you fall asleep from
time to time during the day
speaking of geniuses Leonardo da Vinci
practiced what is known as polyphasic
sleep it means that he slept 20 to 30
minutes every four hours in why did he
do that nosey neighbors too much coffee
no it was because of his brain a clever
person's brain works more intensively so
it gets tired faster however it needs
less time to recharge to get rid of
tiredness and look at a problem from a
different angle you need to restart your
brain so if you feel sleepy in the
afternoon go ahead take a nap even if
it's just 20 minutes
[Music]
so did any of the items on the list
describe you to a tee haha fit me No
hey let us know in the comments share
this video with your friends and give us
a like if we help you shed some light on
your intellect if you want to stay in
the no click subscribe to join us on the
bright side
[Music]
[Applause]